Add docs for Pulsar Spark connector 3.2.0 release (#195)
streamnative/pulsar-hub: data-processing/pulsar-spark/3.2.0/pulsar-spark.md

---

> description: Pulsar Spark Connector allows Spark reading data from Pulsar and writing data to Pulsar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Pulsar Spark Connector allows Spark to read data from Pulsar and write data to Pulsar
```
There are multiple occurences.

After a microbatch, the offset is committed. Therefore, the next microbatch starts with newly incoming data since the last offset.

For failure recovery, the offsets of each partition are stored into the Spark’s checkpoint. And each time a Spark job is launched, it first tries to restore reading offsets from the state store. If there are offsets saved for this job, the Spark job reads data from the saved offsets. Otherwise, the Spark job reads data from a user-defined position of the topic.

> The whole life-cycle of a structured streaming job is illustrated in the figure below. As time goes by, each interval yields a new microbatch of data that is then processed by the Spark job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The whole life cycle of a structured streaming job is illustrated in the figure below. As time goes by, each interval yields a new microbatch of data that is then processed by the Spark job.
```

![](/images/data-processing/pulsar-spark-how-it-works-2.png)

> ## Limitations

Reviewer: Consider using the callout style rather than a heading?
